# Concerns
An evidence based consideration of my current concerns that demand satisfaction and remedy. 

## Sameer Ahmed Khan vs Provincial Govt. of Ontario and Federal Govt. of Canada
The governments of Ontario and Canada are currently violating my human rights by forcing the label of "legally incompetent for medical consent" onto me. Using fallacious pretexts, provincial and federal government agencies through their authorized or contracted agents in Canada have degraded my personhood by forcing me to take psychotropic drugs that pose no worthwhile benefit to my health. These highly toxic drugs were purported as safe and were administered to me under duress at Grand River Hospital. These drugs have caused visceral harm to my neuro-endocrine system! This form of subversive chemical castration under the guise of medical treatment is a coercive, tortuous and fiendishly punitive action against my personal beliefs, personhood, culture and my right to a life with civil liberties! I hold the governments of Ontario and Canada, their agencies and agents who harmed me and damaged my wellbeing responsible for their criminal acts! 

Such crimes by incumbent authorities via abuse of power using psychological and biochemical methods have been systematically committed against indiginous, first nations, black and ethnic minority peoples throughout the sordid history of Europe and the Americas. These horrific and traumatic methods for socioeconomic and political oppression as well as biological subjugation (eugenics) are still evident as crimes against me and persons like me. Particularly between the period of September 2019 and current date, the subversive use of medical practitioners to subdue political and cultural dissent has been on the rise within Kitchener-Waterloo Region of Ontario, Canada. 
